One of the main use cases for development
of Internet of Things Technologies
is to develop enhanced interfaces.
These interfaces provide organized
information that improves the
customer's situational awareness.
We are now going to consider
three types of customer interfaces
that will help us appreciate how
diverse such applications can be.
Many Internet of Things business
simply exist to provide an
interface for data that has been
recognized to be particularly valid.
An example of this use case might
be the Ordnance Survey OS map.
These business says may expose a web
application for users to explore their
information and or an application
programming interface so that other
business applications can make requests
for their data as complementors.
Another type of interface might be for alarm
management of a complex facility or system.
This use case provides prioritized signals
of performance so that operators attention
is focused on the most beneficial tasks.
Quite recently, we've seen the emergence
of augmented reality as a use case
for Internet of Things Technologies.
In this example, a building information
model provides precise geometry of a building
which is superimposed on a mobile phones
real time camera image of an environment.
Sensor data collected from the systems
being shown can then be displayed,
meaning that maintenance staff
no longer need to make invasive
inspections above ceilings to evaluate
the performance of building systems.
Another common use case for
Internet of Things Technologies
is improved systems control.
These use cases often require
measurements of specific variables
in order to operate. For example,
in the case of this Air Handling unit,
the supply air duct pressure
is monitored by controller.
That controller will use either proportional,
integral or differential calculations to vary
the motor speed driving the supply air fan.
For an inverter drive to
obtain a target value.
The speed of the return Air fan is varied
according to the difference in air
flow rates measured between the suction
sides of the return and supply air fans.
Machine learning can be trained
on the data collected by these
systems to identify control logic.
There's more efficient or satisfying
for users and optimizations then
deployed to fill controllers.
One other tip, who use case of Internet
of Things Technologies is the valuation
of business products and services.
Internet of Things Technologies can
provide opportunity to collect rich,
longitudinal contextual information
about the customer and their
interactions with the business.
By recording discrete emotions
and cognitive responses at each
customer touch point with a business,
meaningful insights into business
performance can be identified and
used to improve service provision.
A business touchpoint may involve the
customer having direct or indirect
contact with one or more other
businesses value creation elements.
The anonymous Feedback Application is
an example of one of these use cases.